README.md, before:

# TasteIT Recipes Web App

End-of-term project work for React course at Helsinki Business College.

A Reactjs web application using json-server.

## Start up notes

This site uses a JSON-server running on port 3000. 
Before starting the application run this script:

```json-server --watch recipes.json --port 3000```

Starting the front-end:

```npm install```
```npm start```

### Live site

(might be) viewable on [Netlify](https://tasteit-recipe-app.netlify.app)

## Screenshots from project:

![screenshot](https://github.com/andorjamb/recipes/blob/master/screenshot_recipes_home.png)
![screenshot](https://github.com/andorjamb/recipes/blob/master/screenshot_recipes_recipes.png)
![screenshot](https://github.com/andorjamb/recipes/blob/master/screenshot_recipes_addrecipe.png)

#### Media source attributions: 
Stirfry Video: pixabay (user billialan9216-24764816)

test images [unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/eEWlcfydzQ4)

Database (recipes.json) is kindly provided by fellow student at BCH, generated by ChatGPT.

Commit message:

update readme and server script

README.md, after:

# TasteIT Recipes Web App

End-of-term project work for React course at Helsinki Business College.

A Reactjs web application using json-server.

## Start up notes

Install any dependencies first:

```npm install``` 

This site uses a JSON-server running on port 3000. 
Before starting the application, start the server with the command:

```npm run server```

Starting the front-end:

```npm start```

### Live site

(might be) viewable on [Netlify](https://tasteit-recipe-app.netlify.app)

## Screenshots from project:

![screenshot](https://github.com/andorjamb/recipes/blob/master/screenshot_recipes_home.png)
![screenshot](https://github.com/andorjamb/recipes/blob/master/screenshot_recipes_recipes.png)
![screenshot](https://github.com/andorjamb/recipes/blob/master/screenshot_recipes_addrecipe.png)

#### Media source attributions: 
Stirfry Video: pixabay (user billialan9216-24764816)

test images [unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/eEWlcfydzQ4)

Database (recipes.json) is kindly provided by fellow student at BCH, generated by ChatGPT.
